The Hacker Report Channel WebApp (HRCWA) was created on July, 2014 by ma56nin9 (Matt).
This is not available for you to distribute; rather, put said party who would like to
use this system in contact with ma56nin9 at 

ma56nin@hotmail.com 

(note the lack of the "9" at the end of that e-mail address)

To use the HRCWA, you must first have a Hacker Report Channel setup with Skype.
If you would like to know what that is, check _here_. ma56nin9 is also available
to help set this up, he has helped with the McPvP HRC, which runs very successfully.

Next, the best option is to create a virtual machine in the cloud, which will run
both this application and Skype, signed into the account that has access to all of
the chats. This will enable the application to run indefinitely, as well as permit
anyone (namely ma56nin9) to edit the code if necessary (i.e. adding any new features or
a custom request)

Either you (the network owner/admin) can setup the webpage you would like your reporters
and staff to access the records by, or can ask ma56nin9 to aid in that. And you are 
done! Now you just need to wait and watch as your reporters report hackers, your mods
ban hackers and the records update themselves almost in real time!

Things to avoid:
-Editting the code unless you are 100% certain of what you are doing. 

You may, and are kindly asked to, contact the author (me) for inquiries such as, but not limited to:
Tech support, ideas, features you'd like to see implemented, donations and even gratitude,

but are also kindly asked to avoid using this e-mail address for things such as, but not limited to:
spam, hate-mail, or advertising.

If you wish to donate to fund this project or any other cool ones I have in store,
please xyz. I greatly appreciate all donations :D 

Also note that while I do not ask for money to implement a feature or idea you
would like for you/your server, my time is limited by other factors like uni, and a 
donation would be a good incentive to get your feature done in a timely manner!

And if you like, check out my Youtube channel @ youtube.com/user/ma56nin9 if
you'ld like to support that. I upload many McPvP Maze Runner videos and
would appreciate support for that! (I'm allowed to advertise on my own project ;))

All Tech Support, both in setting up the HRCWA and any future issues that arise are
covered in the initial €20. I will take responsibility for all bugs, glitches and other
faults in the system and fix them as soon as I can. However, I can not, nor will I, 
assume responsibility for issues caused by user entered code. Restoring the program
would be the best option if this occurs.
